1.  Data type: Discrete data for temperature and humidity every minute during a period of time each day.
    Number of data: 60 sampling per day at an interval of 1 minute.
    Time Span: 7 days (1/04/2019 - 7/04/2019)

    Analysis:
    1. For small amount of data per day we can use Scatter plot, which draws each record as an individual point. 
    (implemented in graph 2)
    However when more and more data are collected it's not so practical to plot them all in a diagram.
    The reasons for this are: 
        1.1 Data value will be very similar cos they are collected in a same hour.
        1.2 The density of points make it hard to see individual value.
        1.3 Consuming computing power.

    2. Then we decide to draw Line Plot based on the calculated daily average temperature and humidity.
    In order to smooth that a new method in the CreateReport class is created to generate another .csv file - sense_data1.
    It consists of the average, high and low value of temperature and humidity on each day.

    Other consideration:
	1. Double bar chart can be used to represent temperature/humidity data at the same time for same day.
       A trending line chart will can be added to reflect the fluctuation during that period of time.
    2. Highest and lowest values can be added together with average value to give a better vision on graph 1.

2.  Diagram description:
    plot1.png : Line chart 
            x axis - date of observation date
            y axis - daily average temperature (red) and daily average humidity (blue)
    plot2.png : Scatter plot chart
            x axis - date of observation date
            y axis - all temperature value of that day (red) and humidity values of that day (blue) - jittered

3.  The following libraries are used in our analysis:
    matplotlib  - Used to draw Line plot of the daily average values
    seaborn     - Used to draw Scatter plot of all the data samples
    pandas      - Used to easily manipulate data file, like .csv file
    Reason to choose:
        Both are suitable to draw line/point diagram for statistics.
        Very popular and widely used in python environment.

4.  Comparison of libraries:
    matplotlib is one of the oldest plotting library for python. Although the complexity of its nature matplotlib is very 
    powerful and comprehensive plotting tool. It can almost draw any diagram as desired with proper configuration. So it has 
    very high flexibility.
    seaborn is a very handy tool which can quickly and easily plot, especially in the area of statistics. It has very simple 
    syntax and also I found the diagram it draws looks pretty than matplotlib. But the drawback is it is not as flexible as
    matplotlib and has some limitation when advanced configuration is required.